Translation dictionary (#202)
jwikman/nab-al-tools: extension/README.md

This can also be combined with the features [NAB: Export Translations to .csv](#nab-export-translations-to-csv) and [NAB: Import Translations from .csv](#nab-import-translations-from-csv), if someone without access to the repository needs to work with the translations.

##### DTS Substitution Dictionary

When running `NAB: Import DTS Translations` the targets are matched against words in a dictionary. The dictionary is intented to substitute words that are continously translated to a word not quite fitting to the context.

* The dictionary is created and stored in the `Translations` folder of your AL project.
* The dictionary is a JSON file, one file per target language is created with the naming convention: `<language-code>.dts.json`.
* Dictionary files are autmatically created when importing DTS translations.
  * Words are not automatically added to the word list. This is a manual process.
  * Required properties are `word` and `replacement`. The `settings` property is not required missing settings will be assigned a default values during runtime.

> * Use of the dictionary can be toggled with the setting `useDictionaryInDTSImport` (default `true`).

Author: I think I'm getting age dyslexia :sweat:

> * Use of the dictionary can be toggled with the setting `useDictionaryInDTSImport` (default `true`).

Reviewer: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker is my friend...

###### Example of a dictionary

> ```json

Reviewer: It would be cool with a json syntax validation for this file. There's an example on how that is done in the AL Language Extension...

Reviewer: I can add this later, if you want?

Author: Yes! I'll create an issue for that. Would be cool :sunglasses:

{
    "language": "sv-SE",
    "wordList": [
        {
            "word": "Kontrakt",
            "replacement": "Avtal",
            "settings": {
                "matchWholeWord": true, 
                "matchCasing": true,
                "useRegex": false,

>                 "keepCasingOnFirstCharacter": true

Author: Added default values as comments.

            "word": "Kontrakt",
            "replacement": "Avtal",
            "settings": {
                // Toggles word boundary search. Default: true
                "matchWholeWord": true, 
                // Toggles case sensitivity. Default: true
                "matchCasing": true, 

>                 // When set to false regular expressions are escaped. Default: false

Reviewer: Well, it's true.. but the user might not understand what that would mean :)

```suggestion
                // When set to true, a regular expression can be used as word. Default: false
```

Author: line removed
